hey what's going on guys it's mini here
and today I've got my episode 2 of
transfer talk and before I'd actually
started love to give a big shout-out to
Hobgoblin that is youtube name and its
link will be in the description on the
video because you make such a really
good road to glory share those with your
pack opening and if you play it tips as
well really the videos really helpful
really enjoyable as a new commentate
things on about 87 subscribes as do this
come to so if we could get to 100 I
would really be made of for him and I'm
sure you'll be happy as well so if you
go subscribe to him say he had come from
my challenge I'm sure he would
appreciate it I would appreciate it
because i always appreciate his help
when i was uh like aan just subscribed
i'm not i know i'm still not miles away
from hundred subscribers her eggs under
muah ever so just please guys go
subscribe to him show me sports if you
like these videos now and seriously your
first transfer news is going to be with
manchester united with the signing of
actually young if he actually didn't
know cuz this up the wild ghost Ambrose
an episode out recently they've also
signed the gay if he didn't laugh and
about two days ago he's finally joined
he passed his medical and all eyes
sounded contract with them with go on to
the topical Liverpool they are John
Henry's come out and said but only by
the way is come out and said they're
going to keep on the youth side of the
transfer so looking at people like Adam
and down Adam is set to be in talk to
Liverpool at this moment I port still
unsure if he will join also down as a
big target and matter as well there's a
few spec there's are quite a few
speculations over matapos Madrid
Barcelona and liverpool and arsenal are
interested in them but they don't know
yeah and on stone topical at but i know
i am live good sports oh no more about
them Morales could be sold for 10
million and mellow from your Ventus what
Mel doesn't really want to go to
Liverpool from your Ventus in a swap
deal I think he can't stop star so that
could be formed through I personally
like morals and like to keep them with
Manchester City they are poor in a 20
million bit for naturally for art of
anglers having talks energy as well as
Fabregas and clichy who is who Liverpool
and Manchester City r interest increases
well obviously with Barcelona being
interested in Fabregas Sunderland have
also signed loss and from
I think that's a really good sign
because laughs and I believe probably
did one of their best players you may
not be impacted on every game but yeah I
think these are all run playing will be
a good play for a team like someone
they've also signed Connor Wickham I
don't know for how much it didn't say or
Liverpool afternoon dear after them for
about eight million for championship
striker which i think is it slightly too
much and I think the new every place i
think it's which wouldn't meters they
said they wanted 12 million for a
unlivable world willing to paid off for
such like a low profile striker so
that's the transfer news but i know and
just keep you up to date with in the
short episode so i hope you did enjoy
this episode or we can give a thumbs up
maybe put any more transfer news that i
miss that maybe for your team because
especially because obviously i know more
about liberal than anyone else all right
at nine miles just more volatile than
any of the team so if you did like the
video like it for me hopefully he didn't
score too many head is this with the
only one only one and what would the
video be without one of my headers and
please do go subscribe to a Hobgoblin
yeah i think he really appreciate it
i'll see you guys later